{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Bus
\b0 \
\
Contains code that effects the interconnection of components, propagating messages between them.\
\

\b Components
\b0 \
\
Components are the modular, reusable parts of a machine that are connected to the internal bus, generally relating to the named ICs in an original machine.\
\

\b File Formats\
\

\b0 Code relating to the handling of the file formats for various platforms. Each type of media is presented through an abstract interface; all tape files are accessed in a common way, all disk files are access in a common way and so on.\
\

\b Machines\
\

\b0 Contains the stuff capable of attaching components and buses together in such a way as to implement various machines. These files may contain machine-specific ICs along with other bits of code that are specific to a given machine.
\b \

\b0 \

\b Peripherals
\b0 \
\
Modular, reusable parts that related to things that don't sit on the internal bus, such as televisions, most types of printer, disk drives, etc.\
\

\b Resources
\b0 \
\
Binary files used by the emulation as a whole. So ROM images, generally.\
\

\b User Interfaces\

\b0 \
Platform-specific front ends. These will generally talk to the platform-neutral code in the 'machines' directory, adding suitable delegates to receive output and piping it onward through the relevant OS-specific mechanisms.
\b \

\b0 \

\b Utilities
\b0 \
\
Bits of code that are useful for an emulator to have but which don't directly relate to original machine design. Audio filters, for example.}